#My Interests and Role

**A one-page per person summary of each individual aspiration, strength, weakness, interest, what you’d like to learn, how you’d like to work, what you’d like to work on.**

My goal over the next year is to fully transition into playing more of a project manager / Scrum Master role within our group. Specifically, I would like to work on the project process and lifecycle, including making sure that user requirements and scope documents and generated for each project, that each project is tracked in Jira and fits into a management / maintenance structure once it is deployed. 

I recognize that I will need to get up to speed quickly on the Agile development process and using Jira for tracking sprints for each of our projects. We have already begun using Jira are working through making sure that we are disciplined about using it. This document and the complete project summary document from our Dec. 8-9 meeting in Atlanta are being tracked by Jira. I plan to seek out **training** on Agile project process and its management immediately. Dylan has said that he has some good resources here in Atlanta for this; I'll likely by going through whatever I can find online or via Pluralsight and Linda.com. 

I am somewhat more interested and excited about the personal and leadership aspects of making this change away from writing so much code, which has typically taken place alone. The best thing to come out of our meeting this week was simply the commitment to work as a team. Critical to the success of this commitment is establishing the process and communication protocols that will support this transition. Staying connected to one another and to this process is particularly important. I look forward playing a key role in making sure that this happens, and I believe that we can significantly increase our productivity by sharing the work, communicating the errors, and working together to fix problems, identify and work around obstacles, and deliver workable, supportable solutions that make the firm for productive and ultimately more profitable.